create event page for AWS Summit London (#4130)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/aws-summit/_index.md

meta_image:
type: page
layout: aws-summit

links:
    items:
        - heading: Request a Demo
          description: See how Pulumi can help you ship infrastructure faster, and manage your AWS resources at scale. Ready for a change?
          action: Talk with an Engineer
          link: https://info.pulumi.com/aws-summit/

workshops:
    items:
      - title: Getting Started with Infrastructure as Code on AWS
        date: May 9, 2024
        description: In this workshop, you will learn the fundamentals of Infrastructure as Code through a series of guided exercises using the Pulumi Cloud Engineering platform.
        link: /resources/getting-started-with-iac-on-aws/
        action: Register Now
      - title: Advanced CI/CD for AWS using Pulumi and GitHub Actions
        date: May 16, 2024
        description: Learn advanced topics that make up a robust infrastructure CI/CD pipeline through guided exercises.
        link: /resources/advanced-cicd-aws-pulumi-github-actions/
        action: Register Now

templates:
    items:
        - heading: Container Service Templates

>           description: Pulumi program templates are the fastest way to deploy container services on AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: Deploy a container service on AWS with Pulumi and Amazon ECS.

>           image: /images/kubecon/templates-container-service-aws.png

Reviewer: why don't you just link it to the origin file - /templates/container-service/aws/architecture.png

          action: Try it
          link: /templates/container-service/aws
        - heading: Kubernetes Cluster on AWS
          description: Deploy a Kubernetes cluster on AWS with Pulumi and Amazon EKS.
          image: /templates/kubernetes/aws/architecture.png
          action: Try it
          link: /templates/kubernetes/aws
        - heading: Serverless Templates

>           description: Easily deploy serverless applications on AWS with Pulumi Serverless Application templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: Deploy a serverless application on AWS with Pulumi, AWS Lambda, and Amazon API Gateway.
```

>           image: /images/kubecon/templates-serverless-application.png

Reviewer: same with this one templates/serverless-application/aws/architecture.png
